If I know the. The son of the chief of police, I can do. He can. Did some, I don't know, a statement or what do you need for the passport. But here's the thing. In United States, you can do it, okay? But this wouldn't be happening in the United States. No one would just steal your. Like, that would be the difference, right? This is the difference is like. And in fact, in a lot of places, I don't think people would. Like, it's such a serious crime to steal a passport. Like, like, only in. Somewhere in Mexico is it so corrupt that you could do it without any worry of consequence. Like, oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Like, I don't know it's Mexico. Like, they're not even going to try to investigate it. So I don't know. We'll see. Like, again, I don't think so. I don't think I agree with what you said. Like, at the time, I confronted him because I was trying to move. My landlord was trying to rob me. I was having, like a nervous breakdown. I was really frustrated. So, like. And I wasn't even trying to accuse him. But then, like, he said something and I was just like, Well, I remember it just set me off, but it. Sure, that's a whole nother thing. Like, I don't know, I'm gonna just like, my landlord, I will see him again and then make my, like, kind of see, just, you know, like he said something. We, you know, he did something weird to me just a couple days ago talking. He's like, oh, is Roger still there? And Roger's like the psychopathic Irish guy who was like, stalking me. And I'm like, hey, you live in a small town and, you know, his landlord wouldn't, you know, he's like, oh, see, I'm like, why did you ask me about someone if, you know, like, you're pretty much neighbors with his landlord? Like, you know more than I do. But he didn't. Now you are freeze. He thinks like, I do and he's a Mexican, but he has a family, so there's not. Like. So, okay, maybe I found one guy, but he's got a family, three kids. His cousins live in the same place. You know this. Other than, like, becoming part of his family, like, literally, like, that's not a. You know, I can't. And I also don't like how dependent I became on them. And I feel like actually in the end that I felt manipulated by them because he knew that, like, I kind of depended on them and I. He says, no, but I confronted him. I was like, hey man, I think you like, I, I'm sorry, but we put this all out on paper and you just read this story. Tell me what happened. Like, take your name out and take my name out of it. Let's see. It just doesn't look good, man. Like, it just looks like you knew as soon as you didn't want me to be independent because you got a lot out of me, you know, and like helping them with paperwork in English and things that like, they, they would have had to pay lawyers for everything else in this like thing. Because here's the thing, like the overprotective, like going back to your house. I don't think that's inherently a bad thing. I think it's inherently a bad thing when because you have that, you think that trying to do something for the sake of doing it is stupid. Like bettering yourself is bad is essentially what someone's saying. Like learning to be on your own. Like the fact that, that like culturally, as an entire country, one hundred million people, they, they literally do not see this is troubling to me. Not, it's fine, it's not my country, like, but like it's troubling. Of course, of course. But in, in five years, you are, you are alone there. You are only on your own. I, but I was really close with one family and I, I mean I practically, I don't know if I lived with them, but I was around them for multiple years. And I will tell you that. What happened. Do you hear me? I don't hear you. No, no, I, I can't hear you. Like that's why I'm living here. Like, I really want to talk about it. The thing is, is he's like kind of like pro, pro a lot of Trump things. He doesn't understand them. It's okay, right? Like he can only get the tick tock, you know, he doesn't have the whole story. So I really don't blame him. Like, he's not a stupid guy. If I was just hearing all of this stuff for the first time too, that is being recycled to him. That's like twenty years old. He's like, oh wow, yeah, George Soros. And I'm like, okay. But yeah, point is like, ah, you need, you have another class now. No, no, no, he canceled. He moved his class until Wednesday. No, no, I, I, I, I try I trying to, to ask the, when you confronted, confronted, he, he still being a good friend. It's kind of hard to describe everything that happened going, I have this guy that I told you about, his neighbor is like the chief of police. So I really want to get the like the nuncia official before I go to Mexico City because this will be the second new passport I've gotten in Mexico. So I need like to show that I did a denuncia and I got to do that and yeah, but, but. You, you need to, to, to see the, the good, the good thing there is that you can ask your friend that is the son of the poly chief police officer to, to. In States you can't or. No. What do you mean? That in Latin America everything, everything is possible with. I don't know. Well, no, yeah, lives at home. The girl before that, she's like twenty, she's a little younger. I don't know, maybe she lives at home, maybe she doesn't. I'm sure she does. What am I kidding? I, I can't think of a single girl that I've met that doesn't live at home. This goes for guys too. I mean it's just at some point again. No, it's wild and I think that this. No, no, no, sorry, I, I, yeah. I'm not talking about twenty five year olds. No, no, no. Yeah, yeah. I thought, I thought you was talking about that, that type of. I'm talking about thirty five year old males and women. Men and women. Yeah. No, no, that is normal that Latin America, the people work and studied at the university living in her, in their parents house but then, then they leave the home like everyone. Because how do you not just want to like anything? Time quality. These are like eighty percent of the problems. And I just realized this, I'm like oh, you just have to. So first you open your mouth and then sound comes out and then those are words and then the other person will, and then you'll solve the problem. Yeah, yeah. But here, here in Chile they said or they say maricon son riente. That the people who don't tell you the problem face to face and tell you no no, no problem number but they, they, they have all the anger inside and cat you. No, no catch you. No. I don't know how to say to, to. Yeah. Put a knife in your back. Yeah. When you turn around. Yeah. So this, this whole concept doesn't even exist here. It's very common here and they, here. They don't used to, They don't used to accept the honest of the. Not the honest, the, the, the yeah. That'S the thing is, that's what I was gonna ask you. Like what do we Even call this. What do we even call this? Because we can't say honesty. Because it's not. Honesty is like. Like there's like another word or thing. Yeah. To. To. To. To say the things that you think and face to face to other people. The. We, the Argentinians are buried directly when. When we speak. Yeah. We say the things that we think in the face of the other people. Yeah. That's why you live in a country. In theory. Yeah. Right. Like, if, like this is like the human experience is giving your opinion. Like, like the whole pur. Of existence. Yeah. But here is not common. It's. They used to. They used to. Hide. Pretend. Hide the. The opinion. Or. Or I don't know why. Fake as. Yeah. It's not even hiding. Like, I'm done. I'm done making excuses. It's like a cultural. Like, that's why I gotta find a new word for it. Like it. It isn't this. Like, it isn't being polite. No, no, it's not. No, no, no. If you make a bigger problem by not talking about something that is not polite. It's something. And I don't know what the word is for it, but it's. It's not polite. Right. To. And then just think, oh, we'll just deal with the disaster that is sure to come of my inability to be an adult later. And that's the polite thing to do this. And then when we deal with it, we won't ever think about having avoided the whole problem with like one sentence. Right. There's a word. I don't know what it is, but I can't. It's. I'm gonna kill. So I'm gonna literally kill someone over it. Like, I can't. Yeah. I can't. Yeah. In the past. In my. In my first years here in. In other job. Not in. Not in the. In. I'm working now. Yeah. My boss told me, hey, don't. Don't be. Don't be such. Directly with the people. Because here the people is not. They're not used to it. The people don't used to know your. The. The truth. The truth. Yeah. No, I don't know. But if. If I. I want. If I need to tell you ever. Trust this person to do what they say? He just doesn't have a concept. There's no. Mexicans are famous in that. Right. But you think after five years you're gonna find some people, right? That you're good. That you know. That's. That's my point is like, eventually you think you're gonna find some people. And. And again, are they around? Sure. But there has to be enough of them that as just being a normal person that I can meet them. Right. Like, I can't have start a Facebook group like in Colapa. Like looking for Non. You looking for people that are not little bitches. Like looking for people that are the same maturity as their actual age. Yes. Like looking for people who are, who are capable of having con. Yeah. So I don't know. All I know is that I. My first theory and I can test this easily, is that any place, no matter that it is like envied to be a grown man living with your mom if you can is just ridiculous. And immaturity is the only reason why people can't have difficult conversations. There is no other reason. It's not being polite. It's just you're immature. You've been babied your whole life and you just. Yeah, they, they live with their mothers at what age? Forever now? Thirty years. Yeah, of course. You get it. Yes, absolutely. No, Yes. I thought that you, you are talking about the, the, the, the, the. The young adults of twenty five years. Forty. No, no, no, that, that's not common. No, no. In other country you find different things. I think if in Latin America, I mean. Okay, so my theory so far, so my working theory, and if it's wrong, then it's wrong, is that that this would automatic. Not automatically. So the two things that I would identify as like the like the patient zero of the things that I that I personally think like, affect everything. Is this the, like the accepted dependency? Like this is like zero fucking respect for people being independent and like trying things and like, you know, and this, this polite thing. But I think that they're related, right? Like, I think that there's a people. I think there's a lot of people. I know there's a lot of people, mothers that under their breath are feeling like, like go go do something, dude. Like, but they're never gonna say that. Never. They're never gonna tell their son to go away. I mean, very rarely. So I think that any culture, for example, here's a working theory that I can test that where it is a normal thing to just leave the house or at least try before you're like twenty one and under, let's say twenty two, even like after school. Like, I believe that the effect, the domino effect of this will eliminate the vast majority of it. I do. Right. I will never like most people, I will always hate most people. Like, this is a Fact. But, but it doesn't, it doesn't mean that like I can't understand people. It doesn't mean like I can't like, like I think I'm so, I think that this is a huge, huge, huge thing that just again, it spills into everything. I mean, think about how. Yeah, yeah, but, but again that thing is not common in Latin America. Yeah, you are American. You need to go to a other state to, to go to the university and work in other, in the other part of the country. But in Latin America that is not the common. But even if you don't, you still move out. If you just, just because you want to hang out, you don't have. Just moving. Going to university is just one of the reasons why it is so normal. But it is not. Like even if you're not going and you're staying in your town, you want to move out. Yeah, maybe, but, but, but I think the, the, the same thing that you see now in Mexico, you will see in probably all the countries here. Even in Costa Rica or Brazil too. It's not, you don't think even just being able to communicate. No, I agree with you. No, I agree with you. One hundred. What I'm saying is like, and, and I am also aware that like the way there's a million people that are, think like me that I'm sure. My, my point is, is if you go somewhere and get thrown into like a, like a bowl of people, like what is your highest probability of like finding someone outside of it? So I guess I'm just saying like the percentage, right? Yeah, I don't know. I, I, again I, I'm gonna find out like, I'm gonna explore like. But my theory, my working theory is that let's, we'll use Brazil as an example because I know at least in the city from talking to people that it's super common to at least try and move out so I can see like, but no, my opinion is that I, I don't think the grass is never greener on the other side. Right? The grass is greener where you water it. You know, your house is greener where you make the best of it. On the other hand, I don't think it's irrational for me if I come to this conclusion. To think, okay, if I can't meet anyone that is my age that has ever lived independently is going to be really tricky. Like how do I relate to someone that has not in my opinion, had any life experience at all? Or. No, no, no, no, no. You, you might I think you, you can find that kind of person maybe in Mexico City. Exactly. Yeah. Not, not in Guanajuat. The cashier. The cashier, he said, oh, like who's next? And I said, oh, can I? And he just. Yeah, like, I didn't, like, like I wasn't there. Ah, he, he, he. Attend the dilemmas, not you. Yeah, because he like saw them first. Like, he didn't want to like have to look at me and be like, oh, ma', am, he's next. Like he didn't want to have that non confrontation confrontation that was much for him to be like, oh man, he's next. Oh, well. Because that's how the human brain and order people in time talk to Einstein. Like, I don't know, like we're doing time like this. Like what? It's just. I'm not even mad at him. It's just I'm annoyed with him. Right. He's just doing his job. Like, whatever. But like how? Like four women, four different families, you would hope. Like four different people all just like, like what do they think? Like, like it's just out of this world, man. Like I can't imagine. I feel like I could be a black man in a bar in Texas and I would get treated better than that. Like, like it's just crazy. Like, I just can't. So let me ask you this confrontation, what kind of human, I don't mean like race or where they're from do you have to be really gentle with because you don't want to hurt their feelings? What kind of humans? Children. Yeah, everyone. But I mean like, but especially children, right? You can't. Especially children or, or teenagers. Yeah, very, very, very old people. Right, Exactly. People. Invulnerable people that. Exactly. So we know like the, the, the, the crazy, like the, the, the. The consequences of the mama. Right? We know the consequences of this. No. What is Mona Guyina? Mama Gaina? Like overprotective mothers and like Latino families. Again, not a thing. In Brazil. People in Brazil move out when they're eighteen. Do you know that? Yeah. This is normal. Even if they fail, they at least try. They at least try to go get some independence and then the move back. Okay, cool. But like it's a thing. Like people want to be on their own. They want to experience life. Wow. And so these are the people that you have to be. So you got to be super polite to people that are immature. And people are immature because they never do anything for themselves. They don't like, cook, clean, have a struggle, cry, get Their heart broke. Like, and then you're in this, like, so, so something's got to give. Like, and you know why? Because it would just be so rude, Francisco, to tell people, hey, you're like twenty five, you're kind of a loser. Why don't you go out and like, try something? So there it is, there's the politeness. Like, oh, that would be mean. Would it? Isn't it more mean to let someone turn into a little. You are very angry. Oh, oh, yeah. Like, I'm not angry. I'm just fed up. I'm just, I'm like. Because I used to be angry, I used to be hurt. I'm like, wait, wait, no. Oh, Aaron, you're being this way, you're being that way. No, not like, this is what happens. You're too afraid to tell anyone when something might be better. You're too afraid to have an honest conversation about, like how you're a little. And, and so like now you're just going to keep passing this on for generations and generations and generations and you're not going to be able to tell your employer this. You're not going to be able to, like, you can't ever have a conversation that isn't easy. You're not going anywhere and you're gonna have to have the hard conversation with your kids. You gotta move out. Like, you gotta do something. Like, like the economic progress in Mexico are from factories that Chinese people built. Like, in every single like facet of the culture. Like, this inability to challenge or do anything difficult, it manifests itself into like every little corner of like, economically, like education. Like, it, it pushes itself. Like it's, it's so unacceptable to challenge anyone or to like push anyone in even a positive way that like, it spills into every part of people's personal lives. And this is why you can't give them feedback. Well, they're still children, man. Like, it's not like they're still children. You know, you could give a fifty year old feedback, he'll be open to it. But like your whole population is twenty years immature. What are you going to do? Like, what do you do? Like, where do you go from there? I think it's like really fun. But do you think that. And I don't. I am the last person that wants to. I'm hyper aware of how much time, energy and adaptation that a person has to put into everywhere new. Right? So like, I get that. Like, I've been through it. Even just moving from, from north to Southern California was really hard. When I was twenty two, like, really hard, so I get it. But again, at the same time, I could deal with, like, just ten less shittiness, you know, Like, I don't need. I don't need, like, the whole. I don't need to be, like, in a utopia. Like, I just. What I feel like is that not even like, one out of fifty are people that I want. You know, it's just like. I know. I don't. I don't think it's the same in every country. I really don't. And if it is, I'll find out, But I don't. I don't think. I think that there are small cultural differences and expectations that drastically shift people's mindset and. And what they see is valuable again. I mean, the concept. Weird is weird. No, no. I think. I think you are in the. In a very particular city. I. I don't know. I know all the Mexicans are out of that way. They're more than you think. Like this. Like. Okay, I do live in the extreme. But this is super common in the whole country. You see memes about it, so it can't just be me. So. But whatever, we'll see. In, like, November or December, I'm gonna go for just, like, vacation or whatever. I'm gonna go to the place in Brazil you told me about. I'm gonna go to Florianopolis. Yeah. And also because there's another place that is like, about two, one hundred and fifty kilometers from there, like, these mountains that I remember. I said, ooh, I want to go here, too. And I thought, okay, if this is relatively close to Florianopolis, done deal. Like, this is all, like, the serendipity that I need. Right? Two places in a massive country that are, you know, travel. Yeah. Yeah. I don't know. It's just funny. And another. Another thing. When I was in Boston, in one meeting, the CEO of Commerce did a speech for all the countries. Yeah. And he used the word. No. How do it? Yeah. And instantly I remember you. Wow. See? Yeah. I don't mean to sound full of myself, but what I want to tell people is, like, if I'm using it, you need it sounds like really conceited, but it's just because I'm conditioned. Like, I'm conditioned. So if I'm using it, it's probably common. Like, I'm not, like, trying to be you, Floyd. Sorry. Driving nuts today. Everything's driving me. Okay. So he used the word serendipity. I love it. Of course he did. Of course he did. Smart, good people like this word. Can I say that? Yeah, yeah. No, no, I remember, I, I, I started to laugh inside of me in front of him because, wow. I, I don't know the meaning, but I remember that word. I shouldn't remember that word. Damn it. You're like, see, this is the problem. Like, you never heard this word in your life, and then all of a sudden you need it. During, like, the key, the keynote speech. You'Re like, oh, no, no, no. Incredibly great. Two days before you said it, you said. Yeah. I mean, is. There's not a really good word to, to replace it that doesn't sound like hippie talk, you know, like, everything just kind of, you know, it's just, it's like a. So there's not a lot of ways to say it. Yeah, I don't know. I don't remember the meaning. Oh, it's like luck, coincidence. Like, meant to be. Ah. Yeah. Yeah. I don't. The big realization that I've had isn't that the people don't exist here. They do or I haven't found. It's that how much, like, am I gonna spend my whole life trying to find three people that I can relate to? Right? Like, it isn't about if they do exist or don't exist. Right? Like, it's just, so, it's just about, like, who are you gonna surround yourself with? Like, who are you going to. I understand it's always hard to find good people everywhere in every country, but I don't know that, you know, you're. Yeah, yeah, you, you, you are, you. Are. Searching for people with almost. Yeah. Just a little bit. A normal goal in. A normal goal in, in, in, in his life. Anything. Literally anything. Or, like. Yeah. Or like, I, I just, yeah. Like, I, I was gonna, I was thinking, like, I was feeling pretty positive on Friday, and I was like, yeah. You know, I told my friend, I was like, hey, come over here. I wanna, I'm using his Amazon account. And I said, come over here. I want to explain a few things, his plan. And I'm like, essentially telling him, like, yeah, you could help me. Like, work with me. And he doesn't come for three days. And I'm like, yeah, man, I don't, Sorry, I'm kind of over it now. I don't. Takes you three days to walk ten blocks. Like, go fuck yourself. Like, you'll never do anything. You're never. And if you do the first time, you'll have money. You'll just get drunk for a week, and you, you'll just. You'll fuck everything right. Like that's. Yeah, I. I think you are doing a generalization. Yeah, but. But it's five years now that I haven't had other experiences. So that's what I'm saying. Like I'm waiting like everyone, even this person that I live close to. I like the last couple weeks I've been trying to get him to walk ten blocks to my house. I've been to his house so many times. Like it's. So I could show him some things on the computer and he would just rather like be drunk at his house at ten blocks away or like do nothing or like just. It's just like, it's like, wow. Like even this person who I generally like, like, I could never. Yeah, now I hear you bad. I give it time. I see you freaking probably man. Like demand that you have tell you you're going to have a better experience. You should just be using properly usually. No, like, if you didn't know how to like reset everything twelve times, you'd never know why. Oh, it's just complicated. Okay. But preply will definitely have. This guy's going to retire a billionaire after he sells all of the information for these. Although he can't really unless it's in the terms and conditions and they say they delete everything, so I don't know. He's Ukrainian though. We can't trust him. So. Yeah. How. How was the week? How's life? Good, Very good. I. I've been in. In Boston last week. Yeah. I was. Boston. Yeah. Very, very nice weather. Yeah. Yeah. Now it's a boring city, but unless. You like to get drunk and have fights. Yeah, yeah, yeah. More or less. More or less. This is like the only thing to do in Boston is be drunk and angry. Yeah, yeah. The. The people, the people there are. Yeah. Are angry all the time. The people in the street. I don't know. One day we are a group of or party of five people walking on the street and a woman almost for forty years old. I don't know, she. She. She went. Went us in the street and because we are five, we are chatting. Yeah. And she, she. She can't. She couldn't pass as quickly as she wanted to. Yeah. Yeah. And she, she, she began to, to insult us and I don't know. What kind of insults. What kind of insults? Just like you or like cursing. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Not. Not xenophobia. Another day I was smoking in the street and some guy starting to do, do some. Yeah. No no, they are, they they are very particular in his ways, but. But I don't know. Yeah, I mean, it's. It's there. I guess there's a. There's something in between. Right? Because that. That is probably. I don't know, every. You know, we have to decide what it is because I. I've noticed recently, I forget what group. I have like a couple of Facebook groups that are in Spanish that I just read and ninety of the problems don't exist. They're just people too scared to be honest with people about important things. You know, like, they aren't probably the problem does. It only exists because somehow, especially here, it's. It is just absolutely outrageous, rude, and you may as well kill yourself then, like, be honest with someone and make something better, you know, like, hey, I expect better. I need better. I need you to like, this makes you a bad person. Even though in reality it everyone, including you, to just hold no standard of anything at all ever. There's just no standard of. Like, they just. They say things and like, okay, well, you know that like, most people pay to live, right? To like, not be homeless. But no, like, no, my landlord has a. Literally think about this like a given. Like, he has a business. He was like, gifted that he had to do nothing with. He's forty years old, still lives at home like he is. He has the ability, capability. He just doesn't wanna. Because it's not. No one would care. Like, it's not respected. And that's what. That's the part like, how is it you. How is it you could move out on your own? Accomplish cool. Like, be independent and people will look at you and insult you for doing it. Oh, you abandoned your mother. Like, was she like, luzima? No, no, no. Oh, yo. Oh, you're just. No, it's really, really. It's. It's. It's like a bunch of crabs in the bucket, but times ten. Yeah, I will tell you that. Let's see. The last girl I was talking to is thirty one, but. Yeah. Why is you stealing? Well, because the. I want land. Like, I want beautiful land for cheap. And I want to live on it. And I want to feel like it's mine. And it's like good weather, you know, like, weather is important. Weather's a pretty big deal. Of course. Of course. Yeah. So I don't know, I could just like, stop trying to expect anything from people and try really hard. But the last six months, I felt like I made a pretty strong effort to make. To even just make friends with people that were outside it's just, it's still so hard. I'm like, dude, like, you guys are like, you know, like, even just making friends, it's so much work. It's like, hey, I don't like, just. I don't know. It's like so much work. Yeah, it just seems like it's not. Worth the effort because, because you are, you're in a city that the people is not for the people. It's not common to, to related with foreigners. But the thing. No, isn't it normal when you are a person from anywhere and you meet a person from anywhere else that you're at least mildly interested in? Like, oh, hey, like, where are you from? And like, what do you eat? Like, no, I think this is normal. Like, I watch tribes in Africa be interesting. You come here and they're like, where are you from? Oh, do they have tacos? No. Oh, it. Then I don't want to talk about it or hear about it. Oh, it's a new flavor. Oh, it's a new song, It's a new music. It's not me. I hate it. Like, I've never. That to me is the difference. Like, how is it possible to just hate everything that you don't know so instantly without even trying it? We don't, we don't like that. Like, we don't. Yeah, yeah, yeah, that, that, that. The name of that is ignorance. They, they, they, they afraid to know something new. So I don't know, I think. I don't know. I just, I. Yeah, I don't think that, No, I don't think that there's a place like magically where, knowing like Latin America, where it doesn't exist. I just do wonder if now Mexico and where I am is like. I mean, I think of all the Latin American countries, I would imagine that they, this happens in order of economic stability or opportunity in Mexico being so, so low. Like, and so, you know, Guatemala, Honduras, you know, same. I would imagine that it would be very similar. Same like you said, though, with cities. Right. It's just on a different scale. Like in a country with more so. But then again, I don't think that it's inherently true. Like, I don't think it has to do with just money. I think culturally, like, being independent, building something for yourself, like being proud of being independent is something that just doesn't exist here. There's like, you tell someone here, like, you moved out, you're living in your own house. Like, it is a huge deal in here. They're like, oh, you're stupid. You should just be living off your mom and spending your money on whores. Like there's like actually the mentality. Yeah, yeah. Versus maybe. Maybe because the people that has some ideas or some independence move to other city. They're definitely not hanging out where I am. Because they probably felt the exact same way. Exactly. Yeah. The same way that you are feeling now. Because. Yeah. I used to think the big difference is that I've come to this realization is not because only. It's not only because I'm a great guy. And this is what I. And I, I just, I. I use this as my excuse for a long time. And partially, yes. But it isn't exclusive to that. Right. Like that's what I told myself for many years. Why it didn't bother me as much. I'm like, oh, no, no. You just don't understand. Give it more time, like you're good. And then once I finally feel confident, like, oh, I get it. No, it's just as stupid as I thought. Right? That's the hard part. Preply, this is. This, this chat just got like red flagged eight times. They're like, we gotta get him his chat. What is this guy doing? Yeah, we heard twelve in four minutes. We gotta check. Yeah, yeah, yeah. We are joking, mister Prepley. But it is funny because, you know, there's got to be a flag in there for like, I don't know, like. No, yeah, in that way and, and that way and the, and the way of the earthquakes. No, but Chile is near Argentina. It's part of the same. And they are. Yeah, we are. We are separate by the. The Losandes mountains. Yeah, I was gonna say. I don't even have to look. There's some geographical, historical thing that made going between the two extremely difficult. And I don't even have to look it up because in everywhere it's not a separation of boundaries, of countries. These are just. We made that up. Right. It's geographical and like logistical. Right. This is our culture. Yeah. Yeah. You'd be. You'd be interested. I probably. I don't know. Now. Go ahead. Let me just make a note. I'm going to tell you a quick anecdote that you'll be. I do want to forget, but I don't want to interrupt. No, no, no. You are not interrupting nothing. You can. You can tell me about your anecdote. Okay. This is my anecdote. You already know. No, sorry. You already know how I feel about like what I just told you and things like this that have bothered Me. And yesterday I just wanted to go. And there's, like, the. Okay, maybe I give a little context. There's like, the. The. Like, the weekly tanges is on my street, but I'm not in the t. I'll just say the street that is normally with cars. It's a lot of people, so there's a lot of people in general. Just. It's more crowded in the neighborhood. But regardless, I went to just buy a energy drink because I just didn't feel like having coffee, you know? And so I bought an energy drink. And there is. I'm. There's nowhere to form a line in this store. Like, many small stores, right? But it's pretty obvious who's in line. You're standing in front of the cashier, and the short is like, I watched this one lady walk in front of me, the first one, and I was like, all right, that's kind of on you. Let's. Let's. Let's, like, change your body posture a little bit. I mean, she's a. But whatever. I'm gonna work past it. And then, like, three more women proceed to try to, like, position themselves, even after seeing me, like, to just go in front of me with no eye contact, no nothing. And I'm like, he. The guy's like, who's next? And I, like, was. Was like, yeah, yeah, that's me. And then this other woman just starts to buy, and I'm like, the woman next to me, who unfortunately was attractive, I didn't give a. At this point. She was like, oh, are you next? It's like, yeah, well, why else would I be standing here? Like, I'm just here in the store just, like, hanging out. Like, I have something in my hand of money and a can in my hand. The woman in front of me gets mad. Like, she's like. She doesn't even look at me. She just storms out, like. And I'm like, and. And the guy who's paying, he's not. He doesn't work there a lot, but I know who this guy is. I'm like, did you really just not even acknowledge that I said I was next? Like, I just wanted to burn the whole fucking store down. And like, this. This does not happen anywhere else. Nowhere. Like, yeah, like, it. I mean, like, there's just people, like, all drunk ladies and whatever. Like, there's. There's people all over, but, like, this is not happening. Like, four or five people don't walk in. And the place. This is the storehead live next to. So it's not like I'm just in some random part of town. Like, like, on what world do multiple people, all women above the age of thirty, decide that, like, the line, literally probably one of the most oldest human interactions in the world, to line up and wait for something is just so beyond them. Or they don't care because they're all, like, fat and hot. Like, I don't give a man. Like, I wanted to burn the place down. Like, I was so. I. I was so angry that I came home. I'm not joking. Started watching my first series in Brazilian Portuguese. I was like this. I'm done. I'm done. Like, you cannot. Like, you, you, you. In this whole. Let me. So let me ask this question. So who think about this? You do. I'll give you that. Sorry, I. I didn't understand. Oh, just that. No, no, no. Yeah. And they'll tell you it's because they have to take care of them. It's not. No, no, no, no. They don't want to pay rent. They are not. Not older. To. To. To. No. Yeah. You need to. This is one of the first realizations that I remember having in Mexico. And it seems so obvious now, but I was like. And I remember talking to someone. I was like, you know what's weird? I don't think I know. I think I've met anyone that understands what paying rent is. Like, nobody understood. I mean, they understand where rent is, but, like, they had never had the experience of working and paying rent. Like, no one. And I remember, I remember being like, huh, it's a time again. It's just like the beginning of this. I'm like, well, this is a trip. Well, if you've never paid rent, how do you know what it, like, feels like to, like, do something good? You know what? I just. I just remember, like, yeah, people here don't understand where rented value. I mean, it's like you imagine from a woman's perspective, no wonder she wants everything handed to her. And from a guy's perspective, this guy has never. So I told someone yesterday, I was like, literally, like, not to be disrespectful. The only way you could approach living here is you should literally assume that everyone is fifteen years younger mentally than you're speaking to. Like, that's the only way you could approach. Like, if I had to just give you one rule of thumb. Apply this all over in your workplace. That's the only thing you could do that would get you anywhere. Because, you know, like, okay, he's thirty five. How would I talk to A twenty year old kid. Oh yeah. Have you? Like that's pretty much what would work and that is fifteen years. Immature isn't bad. Like there's nothing wrong with being childish and happy and carefree but like, I don't know if you want to like accomplish something or I don't know, like, I don't know, like feel like you're making the world better or happier. I don't know, it's just stay up late and drink beer naked in your living room. Like you just want to do things. Yeah. Like again, even if you feel fail, you're still gonna try, right? Like yeah, yeah. Here you gotta just stay at home so you can save all your money and spend it on Coca Cola and ugly. I don't know. No, no, I, I know, I know a lot of, of people that fail in, in that thing but they, they reuse, go back to mother's home. They, they with, with a friend or. Exactly. Yeah. You don't go back home. Like like what? I get it. You love your parents. But like who in their right mind wants to be with their parents day and night? You just have to wonder about the trillion different ways that this like affects your, how you see the world and like what, what's important. No, no, that's not common in, in Argentina. Exactly. Argentina, any country. No, no. Oh, okay. No. I have never, never met, gone on a date or talked to a girl that I liked who lived by herself. Never. Not once in all of Mexico now. But they are single. They were single. Yeah, they were single anywhere from twenty five to forty. Not only one, one, one woman. One woman in Aguas cliente. She's like, like whatever. She the only one that lived by herself or did no lived outside of her house with roommates, by herself with anything. I bet right now if we went downstairs. God, dude. If we could make some kind of game about like who lives at home either with their mom or their grandma. That you that thing. And I will tell you in your face, not, not with other people. I don't, I, I don't need to go through other people that to tell you the things that I think. I will tell you the truth. If you do or did something well, I will do that you did something well. But if you did something wrong, I, I, I, I will tell you. Yeah. How else could you be expected to improve? It's okay. It's okay to do things wrong. Yeah. You do it. Of course it's part of the process. You don't know what's wrong. If you don't know what's right and you don't know what's right. If you don't know what's wrong, you gotta try. No, no problem. And of course, of course. But it's part, here is part of the culture to be, to be nice, to be, to be polite in that way. But then they, they put a knife in your back instantly. But so how do you deal with that? I don't care. I, I, I still saying the, the things that I think. Yeah. And do you think that that is. I'm, I'm some, some guys offend, get offended, but I don't care. It's my, my, it's my, it's part of I am life, man. Yeah. The thing is, if, if this was like, not the norm, it would be one thing, but the norm is everywhere in the entire world to do this when you're an adult. Right. It's just a normal thing. Like, it isn't like. So I, I think you're doing them a favor. You're like, welcome, welcome, welcome to the rest of the world. Guys, when you do something terrible, we're gonna tell you, because in this, this one, there's two things. This is one of them, I think, like, just my opinion, right? If this was like a game of Sims, if I could like, make a cultural shift or like make adjustment in a game, and two things I think I completely, like, transform without doing anything, without changing any government. Like, I think if you change a couple of little values, that this just dominoes into, like, massive differences in a place. This, I think is hands down, maybe, actually probably comes before everything you got, might come before everything else. Because I, I think this is like a cancer. I really do. Like, I don't think people underestimate how big of a deal this is. Like, how little happens because no one's honest. Because a lot of people don't have a problem improving for other people. But, like, you think that the American culture is not honest? No, it's definitely like, compared to here, it's like brutally honest. I mean, yeah, but compared to, like, German culture, we're, we're still soft, but it doesn't matter. Of course, of course. But comparing super. The, the Latino way. Like in Argentina, you say it's not this bad, so you can't just Latino, right? That's the thing is it's not just Latino. It can't be. I don't know. Everywhere is like this. No, no. And the Brazilians not also. Yeah, I like open, indirect. Yeah, open, very open. People like, you're not going to. And I'm sure there's other countries too. I'm sure it's not just Argentina, Brazil. But it might be, it might be just because they're, you know, location geographically. Argentina and Brazil just took on this way of, you know, I mean, this is like a small thing that takes generations. So it could just be, you know, But I don't know. It's like Mexico. No. Yes. Yeah, yeah. Not like in the Ohio of Mexico. Yeah, yeah. I live in the Ohio of Mexico. If you moved to Ohio, I'd be like, dude, you're gonna kill yourself there. You're going to commit suicide. You're like, no, no, it's good. It has a good price of living. It's cheap. I'm like, but you're gonna die of like depression and anger because the. It's the same thing. Like I live in the Ohio of Mexico. I get it. I know, but I it up now. I lived in Ohio. Now it feels bad to move to Los Angeles and Mexico. It's just not the same. Like, it's just like. No, no, but, but you know, but if you try a few, a few months in Mexico City, maybe you can. Expensive though. I honestly just too expensive, man. Yeah, but, but if you, if you change to another Ohio of Latin America, you maybe find the same kind of people. Because the people that move in our countries move to the capital city. Cities. Yeah, exactly. People that are willing to get outside of the box are in those cities for that reason. Yeah, yeah, yeah, no, I agree. And you will find the people that don't move or didn't move and still in the, in the like their hometowns. Are to the same hometown. Stupid rednecks. Different rednecks. Exactly. Yeah, yeah, but, but brown necks. Yeah, exactly. Latin America. Yeah. This is like the way of saying redneck, you know, I mean like, I mean, not exactly, obviously, but. I don't know, I'm just. You know what's interesting? I was. I just learned why they call them rednecks. And it's not because of the sun on the neck. No, it's not because of the tin. No. What is it called? I don't remember, but damn, was I disappointed. I can't believe how. How many times I perpetuated this lie. No, it's because of something else. It's. I thought because they are farmers. Yeah, of course. Right. No, okay, hold on, let me check real quick. No, it's not. It's. It becomes from. Ah, yeah, okay. Because now, now it says that there's no. Definite meaning no for sure meaning I think. So here this person says it may come from the sunburn, but I had it on good authority that it was from. That it had to do with just like blue and red, like politically. But I guess it works. But blue is. They used to wear red handkerchiefs to political rallies to identify. And they call them rednecks. They were like ribs. So I don't know, but I think both. Yeah, but, but, but the, the blue is for the conservative party or not. No, liberal. Liberal. Blue is liberal. Yeah, exactly. So, yeah, no, you're. I mean, it could be. And that's okay. Like, I'm okay with that, but I just have a suspicion. I just don't know. I don't know if I. I don't know, man. I just don't know if I could live in Mexico City. You're right, though. But. But if you move to Monterrey, of course it's not better than Guanajuato. No, it definitely is a hundred times like anywhere that you go somewhere where there's gonna. Where there's more economic opportunity, there will naturally be. But I don't know, the way that I feel is like, dude, if I'm gonna. If I'm gonna actually even go for that big of a move, then I'm gonna make a way bigger move. Like, why not? Like, I don't have any. You know, like, if I'm gonna move states, I may. Yeah. Countries like go to El Salvador or something. Like, I don't see the point. Right. In going. Yeah. Another city there. Yeah, you need a big move. It doesn't make sense to go through the effort. The only other place that I. I did, I could go to Oaxaca, live on the beach and. Oh, people from everywhere, girls from everywhere. Like, very worldly, but not expensive either, to be honest. Not expensive at all. So I don't know. I have to. Maybe I gotta console enough that, like, I keep making this joke about, like, if Mexico, you know, they're gonna me because my visa's been expired and deport me. I think it's pretty obvious that, like, if it happened, I would be happy because it would at least take that choice away from me. You know, I wouldn't have to make a choice deal. I'd be like, okay, cool. Ready? Hey, someone send me my stuff. Cool, thanks. I'll be in Guatemala at the border. I would just have someone drive it to me. Like, drive me my. I'm gonna like, buy. I don't even need to rebuy stuff. But it's just I think there's, like, a part of me and that's like. And I know that, and it would make it easier because now I don't have to justify anything to anyone. I don't even have to tell anyone about all of this. You know, it makes me wonder, maybe that judge on the Argentinian show that got caught talking about Mexicans was honest. Yeah, but you don't have a passport, remember? No one that. Who. Not one person. No one. One. The person with the family. Yeah, yeah, but. But he was. A fake friend because he. He tried to use. He says no, but maybe he's unconscious of it. I don't know. I kind of need his help. So I gotta be friends with him again for a month or two. I'm never gonna get that close with him again. But, like. Well, I mean, I'm gonna tell him to his face again when I told him on the phone and be like, listen, man, I'm sorry. You just, like, again, like, just think. I mean, I don't know. I'm. He. You know, it's interesting because he's been going, yeah, it's a lot now. And. And he. We had this. He started arguing with me about politics, and I was like, oh, we're gonna. You. A Mexican is gonna argue with me, an American living in Mexico, about Trump? Like, can we just. Hello there. Just to read. So. And this was supposed to be, like, my bestest, bestest friend, right? And, like, again, like, it's been, like, a lot of things. And even after all of that, I was like, you know what, Aaron? Now your Spanish is better reset. You're able to, like, kind of see what's going around. You know what I mean? I'm willing to take all of those years of failure and be like, okay, let's start from scratch now. And then my scratch is still, like, again, like, I feel like I have the ability. I. I know I do. I have the. The. The language skills and social skills to know what's going on around me, to observe what's happening, to make like. And I'm. And I'm like, okay, even with all of these tools, like, again, I could probably meet someone right now who's, like, friends with a group of people who would all just be amazing people and my best friends. But, like, yeah, but in five years, you don't know that. His cousin had told me that he knew his. Like, it's just like. So I'm not gonna get close again, like, for this reason. But, like, I will. I'm open to talking and maybe he has something to say that is credible or makes sense. But I think he. He tried to, To. To make an intent to. To. To open a dialogue with you. Yeah. With a silly question, A weird question. Could be. Yeah, that. That's exactly. I don't know. So that's. That's how I'm taking it. I'm not going to take it as does anything else. And I actually don't need his help. It's a lie. I just. It would be more convenient to get a ride to Mexico City and then, you know, if something does happen, you know, it's weird. Like, I keep making jokes and I think I know myself well.